Fix typos and add sub-headers to "Using virtual environments" (#4263)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/installation.rst

==========================

AiiDA depends on a number of third party python packages, and usually on specific versions of those packages.

> In order to not interfere with third party packages needed by other software on your system, we **strongly** recommend isolating AiiDA in a virtual python environment, such as the methods described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to not interfere with third party packages needed by other software on your system, we **strongly** recommend isolating AiiDA in a virtual python environment, for example, by means of one of the methods described below.
```

> In order to not interfere with third party packages needed by other software on your system, we **strongly** recommend isolating AiiDA in a virtual python environment, for example, by means of one of the methods described below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to not interfere with third party packages needed by other software on your system, we **strongly** recommend isolating AiiDA in a virtual Python environment, for example, by means of one of the methods described below.
```

.. admonition:: Additional Information
   :class: seealso title-icon-read-more

   A very good tutorial on Python environments is provided by `realpython.com <https://realpython.com/effective-python-environment>`__.

venv
----

> `venv <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`__ is a module included directly with python for creating virtual environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `venv <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`__ module for creating virtual environments ships directly with Python.
```

> `venv <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`__ is a module included directly with python for creating virtual environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`venv <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`__ is a module included directly with Python for creating virtual environments.
```

Author: (overriden by Seb's change)

To create a virtual environment, in a given directory, run:

.. code-block:: console

   $ python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment/aiida

> The command to activate the environment is shell specific (see `the documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments>`__).

Reviewer: Do we need the literal dollar signs in front of console commands? Were they not inserted automatically? At least those that are not prefaced by the `(aiida)` virtual env indicator I imagine

Author: >  Were they not inserted automatically? 

Nope, to the best of my knowledge, there's no automatic insertion.

.. admonition:: Update install tools
   :class: tip title-icon-tip

>    You may need to install ``pip`` and ``setuptools`` in your virtual environment, in case the system or user version of these tools is old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You may need to update ``pip`` and ``setuptools`` in your virtual environment, in case the system or user version of these tools is old.
```
They should always be installed by default no? And so at most they should just be updated. Or is them being installed automatically in a new venv just a feature of the `virtualenvwrapper` tool that I use?

   .. code-block:: console

      (aiida) $ pip install -U setuptools pip

Conda
-----

> If you have `Conda`_ installed then you can directly create a new environment with ``aiida-core`` and (optionally) Postgres and RabbitMQ services installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have `Conda`_ installed then you can directly create a new environment with ``aiida-core`` and (optionally) the Postgres and RabbitMQ services installed.
```

.. code-block:: console

   $ conda create -n aiida -c conda-forge python=3.7 aiida-core aiida-core.services pip

>    # to activate

Reviewer: Are these comments really necessary? If people cannot decipher what `conda activate` and `conda deactivate` do, I think they are a lost cause :sweat_smile:

Author: I don't know, after tutorials and countless github issues interactions, I'm begin to lose faith on what is "obvious" or not 😆 
(but yeh I've removed them)

>    # to activate
>    $ conda activate aiida
>    # to deactivate
>    $ conda deactivate

Author: ```suggestion
   $ conda activate aiida
   $ conda deactivate
```
